Fix #1629: resolve memory leaks in LazilyTransformingAstService and UndoRedo (#1638)
handsontable/hyperformula: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added `compactionThreshold` configuration option to control how often the engine compacts accumulated formula transformations. [#1629](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/issues/1629)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `maxPendingLazyTransformations` configuration option to control memory usage by limiting accumulated transformations before cleanup. [#1629](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/issues/1629)
```
